Audit and restore the existing VoltSafe canned email snippets into Marketing → Email Tools → Snippets & Templates.

We previously confirmed the old canned email responses still existed somewhere in the app or database. The new page now shows:

0 results
0 org-wide
0 mine

Clicking “Load Starter Library” fails with:

500: {"error":"Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'id')"}

Do not create new placeholder snippets yet. First find the real existing records.

Tasks:

1. Search the codebase and database for all existing canned email content, including:

email templates
email snippets
canned responses
saved replies
response templates
communication templates
legacy Communications templates
mail composer reusable content

2. Identify:

the exact table or data source containing the old records
the number of records
sample titles
owner user IDs
organization or workspace IDs
whether each is personal, org-wide, archived, or deleted

3. Identify:

the API endpoint used by the new Snippets & Templates page
the table that endpoint currently queries
why it returns zero results

Check for:

wrong table
wrong organization ID
wrong user ID
tenant mismatch
permission filtering
archived or deleted flags
legacy schema not included
production versus development database mismatch

4. Restore the old records into the new page.

Preserve:

title
body
category
owner
org-wide or personal status
created and updated timestamps

Do not duplicate records. Use the legacy record ID or another stable migration key. Make the migration idempotent so it is safe to run more than once.

5. Fix the Starter Library error.

Find exactly which object is undefined when reading .id.

Ensure the seed route correctly resolves:

authenticated user
organization or workspace
tenant
creator ID

The route must return a clear 4xx error if required context is missing instead of throwing a 500 TypeError.

The Starter Library action must also:

avoid duplicates
be safe to retry
never overwrite existing real snippets

6. Verify in production.

Open Marketing → Email Tools → Snippets & Templates.

Confirm:

the old canned emails appear
the total, org-wide, and mine counts are correct
at least three restored snippets open with the correct content
search works
category filters work
Snippets and Templates filters work
ownership filters work
Load Starter Library succeeds
no duplicates are created
records remain after refresh

Final report must include:

exact legacy data location
number of records found
number restored or migrated
number skipped as duplicates
root cause of the empty page
root cause of the undefined.id error
files changed
database tables changed

Do not stop after finding the data. Restore it and verify it in the actual production page.