There are two related dropdown state bugs on Pipeline → Leads & Accounts.

BUG 1 — INDUSTRY

The closed Industry dropdown displays:

Marine

However, when the dropdown is opened, the highlighted/selected option is:

All Industries

The visible label and the actual selected dropdown value are out of sync.

BUG 2 — SEGMENT TYPE

The closed Segment Type dropdown displays:

Marina

However, when the dropdown is opened, the highlighted/selected option is:

All Segments

Again, the visible label and actual selected value are out of sync.

LIKELY ROOT CAUSE

The closed dropdown label is probably using a fallback/default display value such as:

industry || "Marine"

or:

segment || "Marina"

while the underlying controlled select value is still:

undefined
"all"
""
null

This creates a false visual default without actually setting the filter state.

REQUIRED BEHAVIOUR

Industry must genuinely default to:

Marine

Segment Type must genuinely default to:

Marina

That means all of the following must agree:

1. Closed dropdown label
2. Highlighted option when opened
3. Internal React state
4. URL query parameters, if used
5. API request filters
6. Saved view state
7. Reset filter behaviour
8. Browser refresh behaviour

DO NOT FIX THIS BY ONLY CHANGING THE DISPLAY LABEL

The selected value itself must be correctly initialized.

REQUIRED INVESTIGATION

Trace both filters through the full state path:

- component initialization
- controlled Select value
- defaultValue versus value usage
- filter state object
- URL/search params
- local storage or persisted view state
- query cache key
- API request parameters
- reset filters function
- saved view restoration

Report the exact cause before implementing the fix.

INDUSTRY EXPECTED STATE

On first load of Pipeline → Leads & Accounts:

- Industry control displays Marine
- Opening the menu highlights Marine
- The actual internal value is the canonical Marine value
- The API request includes the Marine industry filter
- Results shown are actually filtered to Marine

Use the existing canonical stored value. For example, if the option is stored as:

marine

then the controlled value must be:

marine

and the label shown to users should be:

Marine

Do not store the display label if the application uses normalized values.

SEGMENT EXPECTED STATE

On first load:

- Segment Type displays Marina
- Opening the menu highlights Marina
- The actual internal value is the canonical Marina value
- The API request includes the Marina segment filter
- Results shown are actually filtered to Marina

Use the existing canonical stored value. For example:

marina

with the display label:

Marina

CONTROLLED COMPONENT REQUIREMENT

Both dropdowns must be fully controlled.

Do not mix:

defaultValue

with:

value

after initial render.

Use a single source of truth.

Example pattern:

const DEFAULT_FILTERS = {
  industry: "marine",
  segment: "marina",
};

const [filters, setFilters] = useState(DEFAULT_FILTERS);

<Select
  value={filters.industry}
  onValueChange={(value) =>
    setFilters((current) => ({
      ...current,
      industry: value,
    }))
  }
>

The exact implementation should match the project’s existing architecture.

ALL OPTION BEHAVIOUR

Selecting:

All Industries

must explicitly set the Industry value to the canonical all-state, such as:

all

Selecting:

All Segments

must explicitly set the Segment value to the canonical all-state.

The closed label must then display the corresponding All label.

Do not use empty values inconsistently across different filters.

RESET FILTERS

Confirm the intended product behaviour.

For this page, Reset Filters should return to the VoltSafe default operating view:

- Industry = Marine
- Segment Type = Marina

It should not reset to:

- All Industries
- All Segments

unless there is a separate “Show Everything” action.

SAVED VIEWS AND URL PARAMETERS

Priority order should be:

1. Explicit URL query parameters
2. Restored saved view
3. Persisted user filter selection, if supported
4. Page defaults:
   - Industry = Marine
   - Segment = Marina

If a saved view explicitly uses All Industries or All Segments, preserve that selection.

Do not overwrite explicit user choices with the default on every render.

COMMS DROPDOWN INTERACTION

The user noticed this while using the Comms dropdown.

Audit whether changing the Comms filter is accidentally resetting or partially resetting Industry and Segment state.

Changing the Comms filter must not:

- visually reset Industry
- visually reset Segment
- silently change either filter value
- replace the current filter object with a partial object
- drop unrelated filter properties

Watch for incorrect state updates like:

setFilters({ commStatus: value })

That would erase Industry and Segment.

Use a safe merge pattern:

setFilters((current) => ({
  ...current,
  commStatus: value,
}))

Audit all filter dropdown update handlers for this same bug.

TESTS REQUIRED

Add tests proving:

1. Initial Industry value is Marine.
2. Opening Industry highlights Marine.
3. Initial Segment value is Marina.
4. Opening Segment highlights Marina.
5. API request includes industry=marine.
6. API request includes segment=marina.
7. Selecting All Industries updates both label and selected option.
8. Selecting All Segments updates both label and selected option.
9. Changing Comms does not alter Industry.
10. Changing Comms does not alter Segment.
11. Changing any other filter does not erase unrelated filter state.
12. Reset returns Industry to Marine.
13. Reset returns Segment to Marina.
14. Refresh preserves explicit URL or saved-view values.
15. No controlled/uncontrolled React warnings appear.
16. The result count reflects the actual active filters.

ADD ACTIVE FILTER VISIBILITY

Where practical, ensure active filters are clearly represented so the user can trust what the page is actually showing.

The selected dropdown values must always match the actual query being executed.

ACCEPTANCE CRITERIA

This issue is complete only when:

- Industry displays Marine and highlights Marine when opened.
- Segment displays Marina and highlights Marina when opened.
- The backend query is genuinely filtered to those values.
- Changing Comms does not reset either filter.
- Reset returns to the intended Marine + Marina default.
- Saved views and URL filters override defaults correctly.
- Tests pass.
- The exact original root cause is documented.